Definition of marketing channel:
    It refers to the middle man or the intermediarists who buy and sell or involved in the process
    of moving products to the customers.

Main types of marketing channels:
    merchants and agents

Merchants:
    They have to buy the products first and then resell them. They have the title/ownership of the products.
    Wholesaler, retailer, distributor, etc.

Agents:
    They do not have to buy the products first and then resell. They just find the customers and then 
    negotiate with them on behalf of manufactures. They do not have the title/owenership of the products.
    They make profits from the commission.

The whole channels:
    Exporter, distributor, wholesaler, retailer, customers.

Different products have different channels:
    Consuming products (for consumption) have longer channels
    Industrial products (for reproduction) have shorter channels.

The advantages of distributing from the channels:
    1. Saving money and time for the exporter. It will effectively reduce the contacters between the 
        exporters and customers.
    2. Increasing the exporters' sales. 
        Distributors are professional for selling, and more familiar with the importing country's market
        condition.
    3. Transferring more attention to the exporters' main business: production/manufacturing
    4. Improving the services for customes, including the pre-sell service and the post-sell service.

Special channels involved in the international trade
    1. Distributor. They buy the products from the exporter and then resell them. Some of them have the 
        exclusive right. It means that if other sellers want to sell the products, they have to buy the 
        goods from the exclusive distributor. 
    2. Consignment distributor. They do not have to pay for the goods immediately until they sold part or all
        of the goods successfully. The risks for manufactures will be increased, so more paper work will be
        required. And the price of the products will increase a little. 
    3. import house. They buy the products first and then resell them. They establish the short term
        business relations with the exporter. They do not have the regular customer.
    4. Government department. They can buy amount of goods, but they cannot be given the exclusive rights. 
    5. State-buying organizations. They are the state owned importing and exporting companies. They have
        special licenses. 
    6. Wholesalers. They buy the goods from the distributor and then resell the goods to the retailer.
        If there is no distributor, they can buy the goods directly from the exporter.
    7. Retailers. They buy the goods from the wholesalers, and resell them to the individual customers.

Some consideration for agent selection
    1. Making sure the potential agent is a respectable businessman or a reliable company. They should have
        a good commercial reputation.
    2. Making sure the potential agent has some facilities to achieve the exporters' selling goals such as 
        offices, transportation vehicles, computers, photocopyers etc. 
    3. Making sure the potential agent has his own resources to access customers or even the government.
    4. Making sure the potential agent has the long term interests in handling the exporters' products. 

Main income for agents
    The commission is the main income for agents, normally percentage of value of goods given by the 
    exporter (1% ~ 10%)

Special Agent -- "Del-credere agent" 
    They have to be responsible for the payment for the exporter. If the customers failed to pay the
    exporter, they are responsible for it. They take more risks, so that higher commission is requried. 

definition of marketing communication
    communicate with customers, transfer the information of the goods to the customers, stimulate their
    demand to push them to buy the goods. 
definition of marketing communication mix
    a combination of measures, skills, and techniques to communicate with customers. 

Promotional mix:
    It refers to the short term marketing objectives to increase the sales within a short period of time.
    In order to achieve the objectives, the information about the products or service will be given to the 
    target audience and some stimulus will be given to push them to buy the products. 
    Sellers will use some mass media and some sales promotions.
        discount
        low price   
        draw a lottery or raffle
    all of the sales promotions should happen in the POP
        POP: Place of Purchase, it refers to where the customers can buy the products. 
Public relation
    It refers to a long term marketing objectives. The sellers should establish a favorable brand image
    in the market. 
    In order to achieve the objectives, the informatino of the brand or company will be given to the 
    customers by mass media, meanwhile the non-commercial media will be used to transfer the information. 

Some consideration of communicaition mix selection
    1. Products characteristics
        Different products need different techniques.
            Consuming products: mass media will be used.
            Industrial products: personal selling will be used. 
    2. Marketing objectives 
    3. Marketing environment
        In some specific marketing environment, some communication skills cannot be used. 
    4. Marketing segment
        Sellers have to find some common points in groups of customers differentiated by age, income, 
        gender, educational background and so on.
    5. Target audience
        Sellers have to find some customers are more likely to be pursuaded. 
    6. Budget for communication
        It means how much the sellers are going to spend for communication. 

Specific communication techniques and media:
    1. Personal selling: fact-to-face talk. It means that the salesperson introduce the information of the
        brand, company and products to the customers.
        advantages:
            1) customers will receive more attention
            2) more detail information can be given
            3) salesperson can get immediate feedback from the customers
            4) it is almost the most effective communication technique
        disadvantage:
            inefficiency(waste too much time)
    2. special trade press: it stands for some specialized trade magazines
        advantages: 
            1) the cost of communication will be reduced
            2) the audience of this kind of media are more likely to show interest
                in the products
        disadvantages:
            small coverage. There are limited readers.
    3. direct advertising: there are two kinds of direct advertising
        sales literature and direct mail
        sales literature stands for some printed materials such as brochures, 
        catelogue and price list
        advantages:
            1) it covers some detail inforamtion
            2) customers can access the information at their convenience. 
        how to give these printed materials to customers:
            1) trade fair
            2) personal selling
            3) direct mail
        direct mail means that directly send the printed materials to the potential 
        customers. 
    4. mass media
        advantages:
            1) large coverage
            2) variety media choices
        disadvantage:
            much more expensive

Special media for communication:
    1. newspaper: Newspapers can be used for particular area, the cost of this
        media is relatively lower than other media.
        advantages:
            1) it can be selected geographically
            2) detail description of products
    2. magazines: Magazines can be used for particular group of customers with 
        similar interests
            advantages:
                This media can focus on the most important potential  cutomers.
    3. billboard/poster: The billboard or poster can be used for establishing the 
        brand familiarity. It has no detail information, it just provides the large
        image or brand.
    4. radio: when other media is not available, radio can be very popular.
        advantages:
            1) strong signal
            2) portable
            3) more attractive than newspapers and magazines. 
    5. TV: TV is the most effective media
        advantages:
            1) extremely large coverage
            2) not only the spoken language used, but also the visual movement
        disadvantages:
            extremely expensive.
Ocean transportation
    The ocean transportation is the most important mode in international trade, 
    two third of the goods is delivery by sea.
    advantages:
        1. large capacity: ship is the largest transportation vehicle in the world.
            more goods can be delivered by ship.
        2. easy passage: ocean transportation can be used to reach more places. 70% 
            on the earth is covered by sea.
        3. extremely low cost of transportaion. It is the most economical choice. 
    disadvantages:
        1. slow passage: weeks/months required. 
        2. vulnerable to bad weather such as typhoon, storm, tsumani, etc. 
        3. high risks, goods are easy to be damaged. 
        4. less punctual. 
Major types of cargo vessels:
    1. General vessel: it is used for variety of goods.
    2. OBO: It is used for ore, bulk, and oil. It is used to carry goods withou packing
    3. Refrigerated: It is used for frozen goods, it has facilities for perishable
        goods on it. 
    4. Timber ship: It is used for carrying timer or wood logs.
    5. Oil tanker: It is used to carry oil. It is the largest ship in the world. 
    6. Container ship: It is used for carrying the standarized containers. 
Cargo's packing:
    1. For selling:
        attractive
        easy taking
        basic protection
    2. For transportation
        good protection
        easy handling
        easy identifying

Shipping marks: They are used for identification of shippment during the transportaion
    to ensure the smooth and prompt delivery.
    Related terms:
        prompt delivery
        smooth delivery
        country of origin 
        port of destination
        port of shippment
Indicative marks: They are used for instrustion for the cargos that need special 
    care, and vulnerable goods. 
    Related terms:
        fragile
        keey dry
        this side up
Warning marks: They are used to avoid any possible harm for workers from the damage
    of transportation.
    Related terms:
        toxic materials
        radiocative materials

Forwarding agent:
    1. They can help the shipper to choose the most suitble transportation modes. 
        shippers can focus on the production instead of transportaion.
    2. Booking shipping spece.
    3. arrange the shipping documents.
    4. collecting the goods and delivering the goods to the train stations, docks, 
        and airports. 
    5. dealing the customs entry formality
    6. arrange the payment of the freight.

Bill of Lading is the most important shipping documents, it has 3 functions:
    1. recipt function: Bill of Lading issued by the shipping company to prove that 
        the shipping company has received the goods from the seller. 
    2. document of title to the goods: the one can use the Bill of Lading to get
        the goods from the shipping company. It can also transferred to the third party
    3. evidence of contract of shipment. It can be used to confirm the obligations,
        responsibilities, duties and rights for both parties. 
Classification of Bill of Lading (4 groups):
    Group 1:
        1. shipped B/L:
            It will be issued when the goods were loaded on board/shipped. It will
            contain some information about shipment such as shipment date and 
            covering vessels. 
        2. received B/L:
            The goods did not load on board. The received B/L did not include the 
            covering vessels and shipment date. At least it can prove the shipping
            company has received the goods. 
    Group 2:
        1. straight B/L:
            It is only used by designed consignee. It cannot be transferred to a 
            third party. The advantage is safe, the disadvantage is inflexible.
        2. blank B/L:
            It is can be used for anyone to take the goods without request of 
            endorsement. It can be freely transferred to a third party. It is flexible 
            but high risk.
        3. order B/L:
            It can be transferred to a third party, but the endorsement is required. 
    Group 3:
        1. clean B/L
        2. unclean B/L:
            The unclean B/L has the statement of defects of external packing of the 
            goods. It is made by the shipping company to free shipping company 
            from the possible compensation request from the seller. 
    Group 4:
        1. long form B/L:
            The long form B/L has printed clauses of contract of shipment at the back
            of the Bill of Lading. 
        2. short form B/L:
            It has not printed the clauses of contract at the back page. 

Container transportation: It is widely used for almost every kind of transportaion. 
    The advantages:
        1. improving the loading/unloading efficience
        2. improving the quality of transportation
        3. reducing the cost of transportation. 
        4. higher shipping space usage. 
        5. simplifying the procedure of transportation. 
The  main process of Full container load (FCL) transportation:
    1. the containers will be delivered from teh sellers' factory/warehouse to the
        container yard.
    2. The containers will be delivered from the CY in the port of shipment to the
        CY in the port of destination. 
    3. The containers will be delivered to the buyers' factory/warehouse.
    In this process, the containers will not be opened, because the goods in the 
    containers are from the same seller. 
The main process of Less than container load:
    1. The goods instead of container will be delivered from the sellers' factory/
        warehouse to the container freight station. 
    2. The staff will put the goods in the containers. 
    3. The containers will be delivered to the container freight station 
    