fake or poor-quality commodities
to terminate a contract
stock exchange
stock market
trading volume
fitness center
beauty salon
sauna
cashier
check in
head waiter
in early spring
the rough sea
a precarious situation
heavy makeup
white elephant
layman
all the flowers bloom together
fetch water 
two-for-one deals
muddy road
malfeasant
beat around the bush
a lifelong secure job
rack one's brain

Shanghai Xinli Machinery Plant
Lansheng Corp., Ltd.
Xili Lake Holliday Resort

There are many shoals in the river, presenting of a challenge for navigators, and the surges of the swift
current and the roars of terrifying waves achieve great momentum. 

The global economic slowdown brought hard times to the internaitonal air transport industry. Last year's 
September 11th attack only aggravated the situation. 

The acceptance of English as one of the official languages for the United Nations has promoted the its use
in the internaitonal diplomacy. 

As the saying goes, "Men only weep when deeply hurt."

Association with the good can only produce good, with the wicked, evil. 

The sight of his hometown called back his childhood.

You must let him konw somehow, whether by letter, by telephone or by telegram.

We should draw a lesson here: do not misled by the false appearances. 

West Lake with its clear water, the distant hills in shades of green, the pagoda with curved roofs, the temples
in old times ---- all these give Hangzhou an almost fairy land look.

People are to people's army what water is to fish. 

As a boy, he was the despair of all his teachers.

There is nothing more disappointing to the hostess who has gone to a lof of trouble or expenses than to have 
the guest so interested in talking politics or business with her husband, that he fails to notice the flavor of
the coffee, the lightness of the cake, the attractiveness of the house, which maybe her chief interest and pride.

Of all the acquaintance I had seen this time at Luzhen, none had changed more than she did: her hair, which
used to streaked with white five years earlier, was now all white. As a result, she looked not at least someone
at her forties. Her awfully bony face, dark in sallowness, with its former sadness gone, looking as if carved
out of wood. Only an occasional jerk of her eyeball indicated she is still a living creature. In one hand she
carried a wicker basket, in which was a broken bowl, empty; in the other she held a bamboo pole longer than
her height, split at the bottom: it was clear that she had reduced to a beggar. 

In 1986, Vancouver, Canada, just marked its centennial anniversary, but the achievements made by the city have
alreadt captured the worldwide attention. To build up a city and to model its economy on the basis of harbor
is the usual practice that many port cities resort to for their existence and developmnet. After a century's 
construction and development, Vancouver, which boats of a naturally-formed ice-free harbor, has become an 
internationally celebrated port city, operating ocean liners with Asia, Oceania, Europe and Latin America. Its 
annual cargo-handling capacity reaches 80 million, with one third of the city's employed population engaged in 
trade and transportation business. The glorious achievements of Vancouver are the fruition of intelligence and
industry of Vancouver people as a whole, including the contributions made by a diversity of ethnic minorities. 
Canada is a large country with small poplutaion. Although its territory is bigger than China, it only has a
poplulation of less than 30 million. Consequently, to attract and to accept the foreign immigrants have become
a national policy long observed by Canada. It can be safely asserted that, except for Indians, all the Canadian
citizens are foreign immigrants, differing only in the length of time they have settled in Canada. Vancouver, 
in particular, is one of the few most celebrated multi-ethnic cities in the world. At present, among the 1.8 
million Vancouver residents, half of them are not native-born, and one out of every four residents are from 
Asia. The 250,000 Chinese there have played a decisive role in facilitating the transformation of Vancouver
economy. Half of them have come to settle in Vancouver only over past five years, making it the largest area 
outside Asia where the Chinese concentrate.